.\" Author: Raphael Geissert <atomo64@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (C) 2007, 2008 Raphael Geissert <atomo64@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with the Debian GNU/Linux system; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307 USA
.TH kgb "1" "March 2008"
.SH NAME
kgb \- .kgb files archiver
.SH SYNOPSIS
kgb [-<m>] archive.kgb [filename  ...] [@files_listing @...]
.PP
kgb FILE.kgb
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B kgb
is a file archiver with high-compression rates (and high CPU and memory cost).
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Compressing:
.TP
.B  \-<m>  
Set compression level (memory usage), values:
   0: 2 MB (fastest)
   1: 3 MB
   2: 6 MB
   3: 18 MB (default)
   4: 64 MB
   5: 154 MB
   6: 202 MB
   7: 404 MB
   8: 808 MB
   9:
.B 1616 MB
(best compression)
.TP
.B  archive.kgb  
Filename of the new KGB archive. It must
.B not
exist, otherwise it will fail.
.TP
.B  [filename ...]   
File or list of files to compress.
.TP
.B  [@files_listing @...]
File(s) containing a list of file names to be compressed, separated by a new line.
.SS Uncompressing:
.B FILE.kgb
 KGB archive to extract.
.SH AUTHOR
.TP
KGB Archiver v1.0b4, (C) 2005\-2006 Tomasz Pawlak; Based on PAQ6 by Matt Mahoney; mod by Slawek <poczta-sn@gazeta.pl>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Raphael Geissert
.nh
<atomo64@gmail.com> 
for the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by others).
